feat(server): support dev.watchFiles config (#2145)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/config/dev/watch-files.mdx

# dev.watchFiles

- **Type:**

```ts
type WatchFiles =
  | string
  | string[]
  | {
      paths: string | string[];
      // watch options for chokidar
      options?: WatchOptions;
    };
```

- **Default:** `undefined`

Watch files and directories for changes. When a file changes, the page will be reloaded.

> If `dev.hmr` or `dev.reload` is set to false, `watchFiles` will be ignored.

Reviewer: - `dev.reload` -> `dev.liveReload`
- If `dev.hmr` is false, the reload can still work, so can we still support watch files in this case?

```suggestion
If `dev.liveReload` is set to false, `watchFiles` will be ignored.
```

Author: ```
if (dev.hmr || dev.liveReload) {
    watcher.on('change', () => {
      if (compileMiddlewareAPI) {
        compileMiddlewareAPI.sockWrite('static-changed');
      }
    });
  }
  ```
  I have it set so that when either `hmr` or `liveReload` is set to false, `watchFiles` is disabled. 
  Do you mean to change it so that `hmr` and `liveReload` are both false?
  ```
    if (dev.hmr && dev.liveReload) {
    watcher.on('change', () => {
      if (compileMiddlewareAPI) {
        compileMiddlewareAPI.sockWrite('static-changed');
      }
    });
  }
  ```

Reviewer: No, I'm making the document consistent with the code, not intending to change the code logic.

Reviewer: `dev.hmr || dev.liveReload` is same as "If both `dev.hmr` and `dev.liveReload` are set to false, `watchFiles` will be ignored."

Author: Oops! I misunderstood it as the opposite meaning.😅

Reviewer: haha never mind
